.TH lsub 8 "@TODAY@" "@VERSION@" "The UB Utilities"
.SH NAME
lsub \- list all UB entities
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lsub
.RB [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B lsub
is a utility for displaying information about UB buses in the system and
entities connected to them.

By default, it shows a brief list of entities. Use the options described
below to request either a more verbose output or output intended for
parsing by other programs.

.SH OPTIONS

.SS Basic display modes
.TP
.B -h
Show detailed help on available options. This option should be used stand-alone.
.TP
.B -t
Show a topo-like diagram containing all entities, ports and connections between them.
For example topo like:
+----------------+               +-------+
|Bus controller0 |port0:---:port0| UBPU0 |
+----------------+               +-------+
+----------------+               +-------+
|Bus controller0 |port1:---:port0| UBPU1 |
+----------------+               +-------+
Bus controller0 entity num: [00001] or "00001"( using "" if it appears again)
UBPU0 entity num: [00002]
UBPU1 entity num: [00003]
port0: 000
port1: 001
it will show:
---[00001]-+-000-000---[00002]---000-000---"00001"
           \-001-000---[00003]---000-001---"00001"

.TP
.B -l
Show UB entities list. This list can display the connection between MUE(management UB entity) and
UB entities which are using the share resources from MUE.
.TP
.B -b <-E <eid>>
Show specific UB bus instance by EID or print bus instance list by default.
.TP
.B -r <cna>
Show UB Entity routing table by the specified CNA.

.SS Display options
.TP
.B -v
Be verbose and display detailed information about all entities.
.TP
.B -k
Show kernel drivers handling each entity.
.TP
.B -x
Show hexadecimal dump of the standard part of the configuration space.

.SS Options to control resolving ID's to names
.TP
.B -n
Show UB vendor ID, device ID and class code as numeric.

.SS Options for selection of entities
.TP
.B -s [[<cfg0|cfg1|port>:]<slice_id>][,[<slice_id>]]
Show informations about specified slices.
Slices contain cfg0, cfg1 or port. Slice_id are numbered from 0 to 255.
For example, "0" shows the basic configuration space,
"1" means capability configuration space 1 of selected entity,
"0,1" show both basic and cap1 register.

.SS Other options
.TP
.B -i <file>
Use
.B
<file>
as the UB ID list instead of @IDSDIR@/ub.ids.
.TP
.B -e <entity_num>
Display the entity with the specified
.B
<entity_num>
.TP
.B -p <port>
Display the entity with the specified
.B
<entity_num>
and
.B
<port>
.TP
.B -E <eid>
Display the bus instance with the specified
.B
<entity_num>

.SH FILES
.TP
.B @IDSDIR@/ub.ids
A list of all known UB ID's (vendors, devices and classes)..

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR setub (8)

.SH AUTHOR
The UB Utilities are maintained by Anzhe Li <lianzhe1@huawei.com>.
