.TH setub 8 "@TODAY@" "@VERSION@" "The UB Utilities"
.SH NAME
setub \- configure UB entities
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B setub
.RB [ options ]
.B entities
.BR operations ...

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B setub
is a utility for querying/configuring UB entities and operating bus instance.
All numbers are entered in hexadecimal notation.

.SH OPTIONS

.SS General options
.TP
.B -h
Show detailed help on available options. This option should be used stand-alone.
.TP
.B -b <operate>
Setub supports four options for operating the Bus instance: create,
destroy, bind and unbind.
.TP
.B -s (<entity_num> <reg>[=<value>]*)*
Write or read configuration space value of selected entity.

.SH SELECTION
.PP
Before starting each operation sequence, you must select the entity that the operation will affect.
.TP
.B -s (<entity_num> <reg>[=<value>]*)*
Select reg with specified entity_num.
.TP
.B -g <bus instance guid>
Select bus instance which will be operated with guid.
GUID format is vendor-device-version-type-rsvd-seq_num.
.TP
.B -d <entity guid>
Select entity which will be operated with guid.
guid format is vendor-device-version-type-rsvd-seq_num.
.TP
.B -e <eid>
If operation is "create", setub can fill bus instance eid with -e <eid>.
.TP
.B -u <upi>
If operation is "create", setub can fill bus instance upi with -u <upi>.


.SH OPERATIONS
.PP
There are two kinds of operations: read and write. To read a register, just specify
its reg. Writes have the form
.IR reg = value

.PP
There are several ways to identify a register:
.IP \(bu
Usually the registers are part of a UB capability, you can specify the name of the
capability to get the address of the register, and take its address in hexadecimal.
.IP \(bu
To choose how many bytes (1, 2, or 4) should be transferred, you should append a width
specifier \fB.B\fP, \fB.W\fP, or \fB.L\fP.

.SH
EXAMPLES

.TP
.B setub -s 00001 0x48.L
Read the register value which entity number is 00001, and show the value with 4 bytes.
.TP
.B setub -s 00001 0x48.L=1
Write 1 to the register which entity number is 00001.
.TP
.B setub -b create -g cc08-a000-a-0-000000-0000000000000002
Create bus instance which guid is cc08-a000-a-0-000000-0000000000000002.
.TP
.B setub -b create -g cc08-a000-a-0-000000-0000000000000002 -e 10001 -u 7ff
Create bus instance which guid is cc08-a000-a-0-000000-0000000000000002,
eid is 0x10001 and upi is 0x7ff.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR lsub (8)

.SH AUTHOR
The UB Utilities are maintained by Anzhe Li <lianzhe1@huawei.com>.
